Missed one part where we still recommend generating markdown for Mozilla projects (#1612)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/user/adding-glean-to-your-project.md

#### Documentation

The documentation for your application or library's metrics and pings are written in `metrics.yaml` and `pings.yaml`. 

> For Mozilla projects, this SDK documentation is automatically published on the [Glean Dictionary](https://dictionary.telemetry.mozilla.org). For non-Mozilla products, it is recommended to generate markdown-based documentation of your metrics and pings into the repository. For most languages and platforms, this transformation can be done automatically as part of the build. However, for Python the integration to automatically generate docs is an additional step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Mozilla projects, this SDK documentation is automatically published on the [Glean Dictionary](https://dictionary.telemetry.mozilla.org). For non-Mozilla products, it is recommended to generate markdown-based documentation of your metrics and pings into the repository. For most languages and platforms, this transformation can be done automatically as part of the build. However, for some language bindings the integration to automatically generate docs is an additional step.
```
